node/object: use actual FS chain state for every sliced object (#3449)
nspcc-dev/neofs-node: CHANGELOG.md

- Submitting redundant and incorrect replication signatures to Container contract by SN on object split (#3443)
- False negative log record on succeeded SN bootstrap (#3446)
- Object replication signatures are no longer collected for containers with inconsistent metadata (#3445)

> - Metadata's signatures for extreamly big objects and/or short epoches (#3391)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Metadata's signatures for extremly big objects and/or short epochs (#3391)
```
